The first is the combination of water and Yamamoto Gensui.
Yamamoto Gensui is a person who represents the same place as most of the people.
The combination of water and Yamamoto Gensui is like a mountain.
The first is the combination of water and Yamamoto Gensui is like water.
Yamamoto Gensui is a place that is not suitable for any place,
such as the Daisho Shensho, the Kane, and the Sumawari.
It is not suitable for Gensui, and it is not suitable for the other place,
and it is not suitable for the other place.
If you shake your hand, you will be able to say that it is a spring.
Yamamoto Gensui is that person.
However, Yamamoto Gensui is not a person who has no interest in Gichi,
nor is he a person who has no desire.
In fact, he has a different Japanese youth.
He has a spirit of the front, a spirit of the back, and a spirit of the back.
He is a person who has a will that is effective in any case.
This is the spirit of the navy.
This spirit of the navy is the source of the water of the Togo Gensui.
In fact, I believe that Yamamoto Gensui's good example of the Togo Gensui is here.
The navy is a strong and strong spirit of the Kokei River.
Yamamoto Gensui was originally a Hiruimaki, a strong officer,
but there is no shortage of such a spirit.
There is always a shortage.
In this regard, I can not say that you should not worry about it.